docs: Add Hide Grid Scrollbar KB (#566)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-hide-vertical-scrollbar.md

## Solution

There are three required CSS styles to disable vertical scrolling and ensure proper cell alignment between the header, data and footer area of the Grid/TreeList:

1. Remove the vertical scrollbar, which is visible by default.
1. Remove the empty space (`padding`) above the vertical scrollbar, in the **header** area.
1. Remove the same space below the vertical scrollbar, in the **footer** area.

The exact same approach can be used for the **TreeList** as well, as the TreeList reuses Grid CSS classes.

>caption Hide the Grid/TreeList vertical scrollbar

````CSHTML
@* Hide the vertical scrollbar of the Grid *@

<TelerikGrid Data="@GridData" Class="grid-no-scroll">
    <GridColumns>
        <GridColumn Field=@nameof(Product.Name) Title="Product Name">
            <FooterTemplate>
                footer
            </FooterTemplate>
        </GridColumn>
    </GridColumns>
</TelerikGrid>

<style>
    .grid-no-scroll .k-grid-header,
    .grid-no-scroll .k-grid-footer {
        padding-right: 0;
    }
    .grid-no-scroll .k-grid-content {

>         overflow-y: auto;

Reviewer: if set to `auto` and the `Height` of the grid does not accommodate all rows, you will still get a scrollbar in the content which will put the headers and footers out of sync with the data cells. Perhaps should be `hidden`, or he caveat explained.

Author: Indeed, an explanation is good. The idea here is that even if the developer messes up the Grid declaration by setting a Height, the user will still be able to see all rows. The other option is to set `overflow:visible`, but that will look uglier (if the problem occurs).

---
title: How to Remove the Vertical Grid Scrollbar
description: How to hide the vertical scrollbar of the Grid and TreeList with CSS, if scrolling is not used.
type: how-to
page_title: How to Hide the Vertical Grid Scrollbar
slug: grid-hide-vertical-scrollbar
position: 
tags: grid, treelist, scroll, scrollbar, scrolling
ticketid: 1541813, 1541728
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Grid for Blazor, TreeList for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description

How do I hide the Grid vertical scrollbar? I don't set the Grid `Height`, so I prefer to completely remove the disabled vertical scrollbar with CSS.

## Solution

There are three required CSS styles to disable vertical scrolling and ensure proper cell alignment between the header, data and footer area of the Grid/TreeList:

1. Remove the vertical scrollbar, which is visible by default.
1. Remove the empty space above and below the vertical scrollbar. These empty spaces are in the header and footer area.

> 1. Remove some right borders in the header and footer area, which are no longer necessary.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Remove two right borders in the header and footer area, which are no longer necessary. These borders normally separate the empty spaces from the header and footer cells.
```
